net/developer-guide/geometry-types/curved-geometries/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Curved Geometries"
type: docs
url: /net/curved-geometries/
weight: 30
---

Aspose.GIS supports working with non-linear geometries, like CircularString and CurvePolygon. You may read and write curved geometries to FileGDB, WKT, WKB, and GML files.

## **Create a Circular String**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateCircularString-CreateCircularString.cs" >}}
## **Create a Compound Curve**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateCompoundCurve-CreateCompoundCurve.cs" >}}
## **Create a Curved Polygon**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateCurvePolygon-CreateCurvePolygon.cs" >}}
## **Create Multi-Curve**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateMultiCurve-CreateMultiCurve.cs" >}}
## **Create Multi-Surface**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateMultiSurface-CreateMultiSurface.cs" >}}
## **Determine If Geometry Has Curves**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-DetermineIfGeometryHasCurves-DetermineIfGeometryHasCurves.cs" >}}
## **Linearize Geometry**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-LinearizeGeometry-LinearizeGeometry.cs" >}}
## **Specify Linearization Tolerance**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-SpecifyLinearizationTolerance-SpecifyLinearizationTolerance.cs" >}}

Commit message:

Optimized title, content and description

net/developer-guide/geometry-types/curved-geometries/_index.md, after:

---
title:  Work with Curved Geometries using GIS C# Library
linktitle: "Curved Geometries"
type: docs
url: /net/curved-geometries/
weight: 30
description: GIS C# Library supports working with non-linear geometries, create circular string, compound curve, curved polygon, multi-curve, multi-surface and determine if geometry has curves.
---

Aspose.GIS C# Library supports working with non-linear geometries, like CircularString and CurvePolygon. You may read and write curved geometries to FileGDB, WKT, WKB, and GML files.

## **Create a Circular String**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateCircularString-CreateCircularString.cs" >}}
## **Create a Compound Curve**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateCompoundCurve-CreateCompoundCurve.cs" >}}
## **Create a Curved Polygon**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateCurvePolygon-CreateCurvePolygon.cs" >}}
## **Create Multi-Curve**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateMultiCurve-CreateMultiCurve.cs" >}}
## **Create Multi-Surface**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-CreateMultiSurface-CreateMultiSurface.cs" >}}
## **Determine If Geometry Has Curves**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-DetermineIfGeometryHasCurves-DetermineIfGeometryHasCurves.cs" >}}
## **Linearize Geometry**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-LinearizeGeometry-LinearizeGeometry.cs" >}}
## **Specify Linearization Tolerance**
{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "10f3783b9581d10bc69dbada42705d2c" "Examples-CSharp-Geometries-SpecifyLinearizationTolerance-SpecifyLinearizationTolerance.cs" >}}
