net/getting-started/supported-file-formats/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Supported File Formats"
type: docs
url: /net/supported-file-formats/
weight: 20
---

## **Vector Formats**
The following table indicates the vector formats that Aspose.GIS for .NET can read or write.



|**Description**|**Format**|**Read**|**Write**|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|ESRI Shapefile|.shp, .shx, .dbf, .qix, .cpg|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|GeoJSON|.json, .geojson|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|ESRI File Geodatabase (FileGDB)|.gdb|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|Geography Markup Language|.gml|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
|Keyhole Markup Language|.kml|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|GPS Exchange Format|.gpx|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
|TopoJSON|.json, .topojson|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|MapInfo Interchange Format|.mif|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
|MapInfo TAB format|.tab, .dat, .dbf, .map, .id|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|OpenStreetMap (OSM) XML|.osm|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
## **Databases**
The following table indicates the supported databases.



|**Description**|**Read**|**Write**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|Post GIS|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|SQL Server (MS SQL)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
## **Raster Formats**
The following table indicates the raster formats that Aspose.GIS for .NET can only read.



|**Description**|**Format**|**Read**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|Geo TIFF, TIFF|.tiff, .tif|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|Esri ASCII|.ascii|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
## **Map Rendering Formats**
Maps can be rendered into the following formats:



|**Format**|**Description**|
| :- | :- |
|.SVG|Scalable Vector Graphics|
|.PNG|Portable Network Graphics|
|.JPG|JPEG|
|.BMP|Bitmap Image Files|

Commit message:

add web tiles into supported formats

net/getting-started/supported-file-formats/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Supported File Formats"
type: docs
url: /net/supported-file-formats/
weight: 20
---

## **Vector Formats**
The following table indicates the vector formats that Aspose.GIS for .NET can read or write.



|**Description**|**Format**|**Read**|**Write**|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|ESRI Shapefile|.shp, .shx, .dbf, .qix, .cpg|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|GeoJSON|.json, .geojson|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|ESRI File Geodatabase (FileGDB)|.gdb|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|Geography Markup Language|.gml|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
|Keyhole Markup Language|.kml|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|GPS Exchange Format|.gpx|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
|TopoJSON|.json, .topojson|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|MapInfo Interchange Format|.mif|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
|MapInfo TAB format|.tab, .dat, .dbf, .map, .id|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|OpenStreetMap (OSM) XML|.osm|![ok-supported](ok.png)| |
## **Databases**
The following table indicates the supported databases.



|**Description**|**Read**|**Write**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|Post GIS|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|SQL Server (MS SQL)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
## **Raster Formats**
The following table indicates the raster formats that Aspose.GIS for .NET can only read.



|**Description**|**Format**|**Read**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|Geo TIFF, TIFF|.tiff, .tif|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
|Esri ASCII|.ascii|![ok-supported](ok.png)|
## **Web Tiles**
The following web tile formats can be loaded from the Internet:



|**Format**|**Description**|
| :- | :- |
|XYZ Tiles|Slippy Maps|


## **Map Rendering Formats**
Maps can be rendered into the following formats:



|**Format**|**Description**|
| :- | :- |
|.SVG|Scalable Vector Graphics|
|.PNG|Portable Network Graphics|
|.JPG|JPEG|
|.BMP|Bitmap Image Files|
